traffic_light_state/past/valid: None
state/past/velocity_y: None
state/objects_of_interest: None
traffic_light_state/future/x: None
scenario/id: None
state/current/height: None
roadgraph_samples/xyz: None
traffic_light_state/future/valid: None
traffic_light_state/past/x: None
traffic_light_state/future/id: None
roadgraph_samples/valid: None
state/past/velocity_x: None
state/past/vel_yaw: None
traffic_light_state/future/z: None
state/past/z: None
state/future/y: None
state/future/velocity_y: None
state/tracks_to_predict: None
roadgraph_samples/type: None
roadgraph_samples/id: None
state/current/bbox_yaw: None
traffic_light_state/future/state: None
state/future/length: None
state/past/width: None
state/current/velocity_y: None
state/current/z: None
traffic_light_state/current/y: None
traffic_light_state/current/state: None
traffic_light_state/current/timestamp_micros: None
state/past/speed: None
traffic_light_state/current/x: None
state/past/valid: None
state/future/velocity_x: None
traffic_light_state/current/valid: None
state/difficulty_level: None
state/future/valid: None
state/current/x: None
traffic_light_state/past/state: None
state/future/bbox_yaw: None
state/future/speed: None
state/current/length: None
state/past/height: None
state/past/length: None
state/current/valid: None
state/past/y: None
state/future/timestamp_micros: None
state/current/vel_yaw: None
state/current/y: None
state/future/x: None
traffic_light_state/past/timestamp_micros: None
state/future/z: None
traffic_light_state/future/timestamp_micros: None
state/future/width: None
traffic_light_state/current/id: None
state/future/vel_yaw: None
traffic_light_state/past/id: None
state/past/bbox_yaw: None
state/type: None
traffic_light_state/past/y: None
state/past/x: None
traffic_light_state/past/z: None
traffic_light_state/current/z: None
state/current/timestamp_micros: None
state/past/timestamp_micros: None
state/current/velocity_x: None
state/is_sdc: None
roadgraph_samples/dir: None
traffic_light_state/future/y: None
state/current/width: None
state/id: None
state/future/height: None
state/current/speed: None